feat: add sidecar callback payload docs (#59)
GameFabric/docs: src/multiplayer-servers/multiplayer-services/server-allocation/automatically-registering-game-servers.md

> imposed by Kubernetes. The key case is however maintained. See [`ALLOC_PAYLOAD_ANNOTATION`](#alloc_payload_annotation-string) for an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
imposed by Kubernetes. The key case is however maintained. See [`ALLOC_PAYLOAD_ANNOTATION`](#alloc-payload-annotation-string) for an example
```

This has to be done manually.
:::

### Return a payload to the Allocator

In order to return information about the game server to the process calling `/allocate` 

> [add the environment variable `ALLOC_CALLBACK_PAYLOAD_ANNOTATION`](#alloc_callback_payload_annotation-string) on the Allocation Sidecar container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[add the environment variable `ALLOC_CALLBACK_PAYLOAD_ANNOTATION`](#alloc-callback-payload-annotation-string) on the Allocation Sidecar container.
```

> The Allocation Sidecar will read the annotations of the game server, and those prefixed with the given string will be compiled
> into a payload that will be sent to the Allocator when the game server is allocated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Allocation Sidecar reads game server annotations, and those prefixed with the given string get compiled
into a payload that is sent to the Allocator when the game server is allocated.
```

Always clearer to use general truth than future IMO. Here since we end the sentence with "When the game server is allocated" that answers the questions that future tense could raise, so it's not a blocker imo, but it still induces potential confusion in the first parts of the sentence, and should be avoided in general unless there is no alternative (i.e. when we talk about something that is not true today, but will be true in the actual future)

:::info
The annotations must be set on the game server before notifying the Agones SDK that the game server is
ready, otherwise there is no guarantee that the Allocation Sidecar will see all the annotations, and
a partial payload may be sent.
:::

> Static payload variables can also be sent by [adding the environment variable `ALLOC_CALLBACK_PAYLOAD_VARS`](#alloc_callback_payload_vars-string) on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static payload variables can also be sent by [adding the environment variable `ALLOC_CALLBACK_PAYLOAD_VARS`](#alloc-callback-payload-vars-string) on
```

The name of the allocator port. The port must be added for the Allocation Sidecar container.

#### `ALLOC_CALLBACK_PAYLOAD_VARS` (`string`)

> A comma seperated list of environment variables to include in the response payload to the Allocator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A comma-separated list of environment variables to include in the response payload to the Allocator.
```

#### `ALLOC_CALLBACK_PAYLOAD_ANNOTATION` (`string`)

Uses annotations as the response payload to the Allocator.

> By setting a non-empty value, string extends the existing Agones prefix that is used for annotations.

Author: ```suggestion
By setting a non-empty value, the string extends the existing Agones standard prefix to filter annotations.
```
Better?

> By setting a non-empty value, string extends the existing Agones prefix that is used for annotations.

Reviewer 3: Yes, sounds good :+1:

> Setting it to e.g. `payload-` results in the final prefix being `agones.dev/sdk-payload-`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting it to e.g. `payload-` results in the final prefix being `agones.dev/sdk-payload-`.
```

Evil trailing whitespaces 😠

The annotation keys are split using '.' as a separator to create a complex payload.

> Here is an example mapping:
> 
> Given the annotations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example mapping.

Given the annotations:
```

Reads better imo, wdyt?
